Update custom-frontend.md (#1328)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/frontend/custom-frontend.md

6.  Save your changes and close the `tsconfig.json` file to continue.

> 7.  Open the default `src/custom_greeting_frontend/src/index.js` file in a text editor and delete all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  Open the default `src/custom_greeting_frontend/src/index.js` file in a text editor and delete everything in that file.
```

> 8.  Copy and paste [this code](_attachments/react-index.jsx) into the `index.js` file and change the line 3     from:
> 
>         import { custom_greeting } from "../../declarations/custom_greeting";
>  
>     to: 
> 
>         import { custom_greeting_backend } from "../../declarations/custom_greeting_backend";`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Copy and paste [this code](_attachments/react-index.jsx) into the `index.js` file.
```
I went ahead and modified the linked-to file instead
